ah
hello very good everyone here we are in
a new video as you can see in the
title because it 's in a new ending that I've
played
of course that won if not then not
would go up a final losing the truth
that I already raised the end of the league that
I lost and well, it hurts a little but
well here I bring you a new ending in
my team is not going to come out but it's good
very dirty your knee will leave me in
the comments that I say that those
alignments should not exist and
good is about 5 2 2 1 and good up
statello martins and nsué of mallorca in
the center of frames and it 's 100 back I have
to miranda
barán and equiza lateral juanfran and the
Sir
filipe luis and good the final started
pretty good for me in the 6th minute
center here of nsué that cristian tello
well in his ego or martín is martins I think
what was it and martins what then martínez
come in for it and get a good hit me
of head and good here a loss of
ball that I gave maria to bargain
diego lopez who was my goalkeeper and good
I scored the goal clearly but good to
the few seconds because you can
consider seconds a counterattack by
my part here of martins that leaves her
for of frames that of frames he touches by
over a little bit of the goalkeeper that I think
it was diego alves and it leaves it broken and
says then take it you eat it with potatoes and
Well, the match was going to end
this result but good do not go
still of the video that in this tournament
avalon about what now you will see and what
I leave the envelope that I'm going to
tell us the truth that good and
you know the envelopes that would give but good
here 21 minutes 7 and 17 cristian help you
marcos di maria by pimp carpe
or just do not want to say good well here
it was the final I go with the shirt of the
jaguars
the truth that I like quite a lot and good
well this was the prize were seven thousand
coins a premium gold envelope and a
I shield that was the champion Barca
the league
that is, each tournament gave the champion of his
life and in this case it was the turn of
barça that has won the Spanish and good
now let's open the envelope to see what
gives us that the truth that so
less will be premium 33 unique letters
rare what they want to say good so what
better go out Luis Fabiano and you can
imagine the moraña of what is
with luisfa luis fabiano 1 pilot holden
three contracts one
of the good ones a deformation of the
entire template of form and little more and
good guys, this is the video
today I hope you liked it in total
all the finals that he won and how
always if you liked the video
you give it a like that you did not like
you give a dislike and see you in the
next video see you later
God